First - define “win”?

What are Russias aims and goals?

On the face of it, Russias action are nonsensical and totally without any logic. Sure, Ukraine was trending proWest, but proWest politicans aren’t perfect and - given time and patience - a proMoscow leader and party would have regained power.

In this sense, Russias invasion and occupation of Ukraine in 2014 and the illegal annexation of Crimea was counter productive - it reminded Ukraine of Russias malevolence but it was only a matter of time before Ukraine started to look Eastwards again. Indeed, a canny politician could have exploited that, holding various summits with his “good friend Vladimir” and helping persuade Russia to pull back and allow for Ukraine to be restored. Putin would then see his puppet elected in Kiev, and would see sanctions fully lifted and then the pro Moscow regime could then work to forever link Ukraine to Russia.

Russias invasion in 2022 changes that and it guarantees Russia can never win. Faced with a (relatively) modern army and trained troops, Russias army has shown itself to be relatively toothless and incompetent. They are inching forward but the big gains came through the use of overwhelming numbers and tactical surprise. But even then, Ukraine was far better prepared than most had given it credit for.

With the slaughter of Ukrainian innocents now underway, Putin is succeeding only in turning a nation Russians sees almost as brothers into life long enemies. Even if Putin conquers Ukraine, he is only setting Russia up to bleed as the region will require an immensely strong “peace keeping” force for decades - and they will all be targets of guerrillas and insurgents. And should Ukraine prevail, he has destroyed any possibility of a proMoscow party gaining power in Ukraine…ever. And guaranteed that it will do what it can to join the EU and NATO.

Russia appear to have counted on a swift blitzkreig to capture key cities, decapitate the government and install a proMoscow regime. A repeat of Hungary and Czechoslovakia. He appears to have counted on a number of proRussian Ukrainians to provide cover alongside spywork and sabotage. He appears to have believed reports that his conscripts were trained and that Ukrainians were eager to be rid of the (near non existent) Nazis and would rise up and support their “liberation”.

And because he miscalculated, he has undermined proMoscow movements in the West, unified NATO and the EU, and is seeing the Russian army humiliated with zero chance of doing anything other than create an enemy out of brothers because win, lose or draw the conflict itself, no true Ukrainian will ever again see Russia as anything other than an enemy.

There isn’t much he can do to make it worse for Russia than he already has but it is still possible for him to conquer and to occupy - but he will be occupying a state who sees every Russian as a legitimate target. And to achieve this, he will have squandered Russia reputation, and opened the doors to a further subservience to China.

Russia will not win this war. Putin has made two very basic mistakes . He has surrounded himself with ‘yes’ men (sounds similar to Stalin and Hitler etc) telling him what he wants to hear and making the fatal school-boy error of under-estimating the opposition. Under-estimating anybody or anything in any walk of life is the rock you will perish on. An appropriate name for it is arrogance. He thought he was the big tough guy based in Georgia, Crimea and Syria and now he’s getting it paid back in kind.

TOP TIP: DONT START WAR IF YOU’RE NOT PREPARED TO TAKE THE CONSEQUENCES

I propose to you that Russia has already lost it.

If Russia had entered Kiyv with cheering crowds of Ukrainians throwing flowers at their feet, they would have won. If they had taken Kiyv in three days, or five days, as they expected, Russia would have won. If Europe and NATO were so divided they were paralyzed to do anything about it, Russia would have won.

But it didn’t work out that way.

Instead, Ukrainians fought back with the hearts of lions.

The West shipped in truckfulls of weapons for them to fight with. Ukrainians used the years from 2014 til now, to build a modern, highly-trained army, and the many years of fighting in Donbas provided more than 400,000 (only half active at the war’s start) of battle-hardened veterans.

The West, rose as one, no longer divided, no longer bickering amongst themselves, and enacted crippling sanctions. There’s more coming, you know, and soon Germany and other nations will wean themselves off Russian oil and gas, permanently.

Russia could not afford a prolonged war before this one started. With the sanctions, Russia can barely afford to pay its bills, much less engage in the adventures of Empire.

Not only has Russia already lost a war, they may have lost their country.

They lost before they even started. There was never any chance that they could control a hostile population of 44 million people or install a puppet regime that would have any chance of survival. The fact that they are getting their asses whipped by the Ukrainian military proves that they have no chance of winning.

No. Russia will be a huge loser. They may get some concessions from Ukraine but they are unable to really win. Their army is discredited. Their nation is headed towards bankruptcy. Their people will be increasingly impoverished in coming decades. Their ability to maintain a modern military force, already not that good, will be compromised. Other nations will likely join NATO. It’s even possible that the Russian Federation will ultimately be dissolved like the old Soviet Union. Russia is a huge looser in this war.

It's costing Russia almost $20 billion a day..! It's been more than 2 weeks already and they have barely even achieved anything, not even 10%.

Unless ((he)) uses nukes, I am pretty sure Ukraine will remain intacted as it was before the war.

Putin has already reached out to china and India for help and aid, 60 % of Russian military is already in Ukraine, yet barely any significant progress from their side.

Now Putin has fired 1000 of his private staff, even top generals because they failed to achieve any target.

Unless china or India comes to aid and support Russia, it's probably a wrap up for them already.

I am still quite bullish on the possibility of world war 3, Putin is not a kind of leader who would just give up and accept the defeat, he will most probably do something, maybe china will get involved too.

Chances of WW3 are pretty High. Infact it will most probably happen, because we don't have any other way out.

I doubt if Russia would win this war seeing the resistence put out by the brave Ukranians and the lack of morale among the Russian soldiers.

Four Russian Generals have already been killed. Putin is frustrated because the war hasn't gone according to the plans.

The Ukrainians are resisting with all their hearts while the Russian soldiers are puncturing their own vehicles to avoid going into the war.

Putin is lying saying that all are going according to plans. His lies are exposed by the frustrations expressed by his trusted loyalist Ramzan Kadyrov.

They have already lost. Even if they run over Ukraine, they can’t hold it, and the nearly the entire world is aligned against this. The Russian people are just starting to feel the impact of sanctions. It will only get worse. The Russian people are protesting, and from polling (as accurate as we can expect that to be) only a tiny plurality of Russians support the war at all. And bodies haven't even started to come home yet.

They have lost. Its just time now.

NO. they have got a Tiger by the Tail. The Ukrainians are a tough stubborn people and, will eventually make them sorry for ever invading. I see a humiliating withdrawal.

I suspect Russia will take the rest of the provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk at least.

Win? That's a highly subjective concept. In their view they're protecting themselves against unbridled NATO expansionism. In terms of tactical maneouvres, they might consider themselves ahead.

But then again if Washington manages to portray this as imperialist Russian aggression and unite NATO against Russia, they will consider it a big win.

I don’t think the latter will happen. I think NATO will start to fracture and America will come out the loser in the long term.

Less than a week into the war, it seems increasingly likely that Vladimir Putin is heading towards a historic defeat. He may win all the battles but still lose the war. Putin’s dream of rebuilding the Russian empire has always rested on the lie that Ukraine isn’t a real nation, that Ukrainians aren’t a real people, and that the inhabitants of Kyiv, Kharkiv and Lviv yearn for Moscow’s rule. That’s a complete lie – Ukraine is a nation with more than a thousand years of history, and Kyiv was already a major metropolis when Moscow was not even a village. But the Russian despot has told his lie so many times that he apparently believes it himself.

When planning his invasion of Ukraine, Putin could count on many known facts. He knew that militarily Russia dwarfs Ukraine. He knew that Nato would not send troops to help Ukraine. He knew that European dependence on Russian oil and gas would make countries like Germany hesitate about imposing stiff sanctions. Based on these known facts, his plan was to hit Ukraine hard and fast, decapitate its government, establish a puppet regime in Kyiv, and ride out the western sanctions.

But there was one big unknown about this plan. As the Americans learned in Iraq and the Soviets learned in Afghanistan, it is much easier to conquer a country than to hold it. Putin knew he had the power to conquer Ukraine. But would the Ukrainian people just accept Moscow’s puppet regime? Putin gambled that they would. After all, as he repeatedly explained to anyone willing to listen, Ukraine isn’t a real nation, and the Ukrainians aren’t a real people. In 2014, people in Crimea hardly resisted the Russian invaders. Why should 2022 be any different?

With each passing day, it is becoming clearer that Putin’s gamble is failing. The Ukrainian people are resisting with all their heart, winning the admiration of the entire world – and winning the war. Many dark days lie ahead. The Russians may still conquer the whole of Ukraine. But to win the war, the Russians would have to hold Ukraine, and they can do that only if the Ukrainian people let them. This seems increasingly unlikely to happen.

Each Russian tank destroyed and each Russian soldier killed increases the Ukrainians’ courage to resist. And each Ukrainian killed deepens the Ukrainians’ hatred of the invaders. Hatred is the ugliest of emotions. But for oppressed nations, hatred is a hidden treasure. Buried deep in the heart, it can sustain resistance for generations. To reestablish the Russian empire, Putin needs a relatively bloodless victory that will lead to a relatively hateless occupation. By spilling more and more Ukrainian blood, Putin is making sure his dream will never be realised. It won’t be Mikhail Gorbachev’s name written on the death certificate of the Russian empire: it will be Putin’s. Gorbachev left Russians and Ukrainians feeling like siblings; Putin has turned them into enemies, and has ensured that the Ukrainian nation will henceforth define itself in opposition to Russia.

Nations are ultimately built on stories. Each passing day adds more stories that Ukrainians will tell not only in the dark days ahead, but in the decades and generations to come. The president who refused to flee the capital, telling the US that he needs ammunition, not a ride; the soldiers from Snake Island who told a Russian warship to “go fuck yourself”; the civilians who tried to stop Russian tanks by sitting in their path. This is the stuff nations are built from. In the long run, these stories count for more than tanks.

The Russian despot should know this as well as anyone. As a child, he grew up on a diet of stories about German atrocities and Russian bravery in the siege of Leningrad. He is now producing similar stories, but casting himself in the role of Hitler.

The stories of Ukrainian bravery give resolve not only to the Ukrainians, but to the whole world. They give courage to the governments of European nations, to the US administration, and even to the oppressed citizens of Russia. If Ukrainians dare to stop a tank with their bare hands, the German government can dare to supply them with some anti-tank missiles, the US government can dare to cut Russia off Swift, and Russian citizens can dare to demonstrate their opposition to this senseless war.

We can all be inspired to dare to do something, whether it is make a donation, welcome refugees, or help with the struggle online. The war in Ukraine will shape the future of the entire world. If tyranny and aggression are allowed to win, we will all suffer the consequences. There is no point to remain just observers. It’s time to stand up and be counted.

Unfortunately, this war is likely to be long-lasting. Taking different forms, it may well continue for years. But the most important issue has already been decided. The last few days have proved to the entire world that Ukraine is a very real nation, that Ukrainians are a very real people, and that they definitely don’t want to live under a new Russian empire. The main question left open is how long it will take for this message to penetrate the Kremlin’s thick walls.

There are a lot of debates about the Russian-Ukrainian war. Labels such as Madonna, Lizhongke, Russian father, Gongzhi, etc. are flying around. The war among netizens in the group is more intense and nonsensical than the Russian-Ukrainian war. Some people say that the Russian-Ukrainian war is so complicated that even Beijing taxi drivers can't understand it. In the early days of the war, everyone couldn't understand it, because both sides of the war were sending random news, engaging in public opinion wars, and deliberately muddying the water. Therefore, it is easy to make mistakes when everyone judges and stands in line based on various sources. But I found that the point of debate is whether to support Russia or Ukraine. There is basically no dispute about the following views: first, the United States is behind the scenes; second, the EU is led by the nose of the United States; third, Russia cannot afford to drag , the longer it drags on, the worse it will be for Russia; fourth, Ukraine's military is too weak to win against Russia. In fact, if there are consensus on these points, it will not be so complicated for us to analyze the nature and trend of the Russian-Ukrainian war. But the premise is not to stand in line. We stand in line with no influence on the Russian-Ukrainian war, and it is easy to lose friends. It is better to honestly dissect this large-scale contemporary war that is closest to us.

The outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian war is because Ukraine wants to join NATO. Joining NATO will deploy military facilities in Ukraine, and Ukraine borders Russia. Russia believes that Ukraine’s entry into NATO is a major hidden danger to its own national security, so it firmly disagrees with Ukraine’s participation. NATO, to this end, Russia also financed the independence of two regions of Ukraine, Donetsk and Luhansk. Russia thinks that NATO has expanded eastward five times and expanded to my doorstep, which is a blatant provocation. Therefore, Russia has been planning to use force against Ukraine since the end of last year. The United States and the European Union pretend to mediate, but they are actually the key promoters of Ukraine's entry into NATO. You said, in this situation, one really dared to fight (Russia), the other could not fight (Ukraine), and the two falsely persuaded to make peace. How could the two sides not fight? Finally, on February 24, local time, 200,000 Russian troops from three sides Entering Ukraine, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky declared the whole territory to be in a state of war. In order to make his actions more legitimate, Putin said that the entry of 200,000 troops into Ukraine was not an invasion, but a special military operation, not for occupation, but for negotiation. Provided a large number of weapons support. The latest news is that after the first round of negotiations between Russia and Ukraine on the evening of February 28, the EU launched the procedure for Ukraine to join the EU.

Because Russia's real opponent is not Ukraine, but the United States and the European Union. Not to mention destroying more than 1,100 military facilities will not make Ukraine submit. Even if Russia destroys Ukraine's 200,000 troops, if the United States does not admit defeat, Russia will not win. At the beginning of the war, both the United States and Europe said that they were not going to send troops to fight in Ukraine. Everyone thought that Ukraine was calculated by the United States and Europe. How could it be possible? The US and Europe did not send troops because they could achieve their goals without sending troops, and they could also control the scope of the war. Because the purpose of the United States and Europe has never been to let Ukraine win the war, but to consume Russia. The reason why they firmly supported Ukraine's joining NATO at the beginning knew that Russia would not agree to it, and it was because they knew that you could not agree, so they must resolutely push forward. this matter. In the face of this situation, Russia will enter the pit anyway: if Russia admits its counsel and acquiesces that Ukraine will join NATO, the United States will build a military base on the doorstep of Russia. You must know that the distance from Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine to Moscow, is only 750 kilometers, and the distance from the Ukrainian border is only 750 kilometers. It is only a few hundred kilometers to Moscow, which is equivalent to going from Beijing to Taiyuan, laying out missiles under the nose, can Putin accept it? The Soviet Union's deployment of missiles in Cuba near the United States almost led to a nuclear war, which was a matter of life and death. Therefore, the United States also knows that Russia will never agree, so there is only the second option: war! This makes Europe and the United States take the initiative. If you fight, I can sanction you!

In 2014, when Russia won Crimea, it was sanctioned by the West for eight years. These eight years have been the eight years of rapid development of the world's mobile Internet. Russia lost it, and now it has attacked Ukraine. Even more ruthless, it directly kicked some Russian banks out of the SWIFT system, which means that these banks cannot carry out the settlement of international transactions. This is equivalent to half a financial nuclear bomb, which will cause a major blow to Russia's import and export transactions, but it will not be fatal, because You can also trade with China. With the addition of a series of sanctions by Western countries, it is equivalent to making Russia a closed-door country in disguise. If sanctions are imposed for ten years, in fact, the impact on Russia will be no less than the impact of the deployment of military bases in Ukraine. Therefore, whether it is tough or weak, Russia has fallen into the pit of the United States and Europe. However, Putin's response was that I launched military operations, attacked quickly, destroyed Ukrainian military facilities, not civilians, and then forced Ukraine to negotiate peace. Can this trick work?

It's a pity, this move was already in the calculations of the United States and Europe. Russia's 200,000 troops entered Ukraine. No matter whether you fought real or fake, it was considered an invasion by the United States and Europe. It doesn't matter how you fought, the important thing is to sanction you! However, Russia only targets military targets, not civilians, and does not occupy territory. It has also won a lot of intermediaries. For example, many Chinese netizens sympathize with Russia. Seeing that Russia is a teacher of benevolence and righteousness, they support Russia even more. However, Russia destroys Ukraine's military facilities and gains air supremacy, but it cannot make the latter succumb, because Russia's opponent is not Ukraine, but the United States and Europe. Although Ukraine's local radar and network have been destroyed, the United States and Europe can provide Ukrainian intelligence, satellite systems and network systems from the United States and Europe can be provided to Ukraine. It is said that according to U.S. intelligence, Ukraine blew up many Russian military vehicles. Ukraine's military deployment is under the control of Russia, but Russia's military deployment in Ukraine is also under the control of the United States and Europe, which is equivalent to being under the control of Ukraine. This is not the time when the United States attacked Iraq. No one dared to provide Iraq with satellites and networks. Now there are too many allies capable of providing intelligence to Ukraine. What's more, these bombed military facilities can be built quickly with the assistance of the United States and Europe in the future. Therefore, it is difficult for Russia to make Ukraine surrender. Now, even Chinese netizens know that Putin wants to quickly negotiate peace, and Russia can't afford it. Don't the US and Europe know? What Russia does not want to do is precisely what the United States and Europe want to do most, which is to continue to consume Russia. Therefore, the negotiations between Ukraine and Russia are unlikely to be smooth sailing. You think, the negotiating conditions of the two sides are too different: Russia's idea is: 1. Ukraine cannot join NATO; 2. Crimea is independent; Ukraine's attitude It is: 1. Russia ceases the war and withdraws from the whole territory of Ukraine, including Crimea and London and Lu; 2. Joins NATO. It is completely tit-for-tat. Judging from the results of the first round of negotiations, the Ukrainian President said that the expected results were not achieved. In fact, it is difficult to reach an agreement quickly: first, the United States and Europe cannot agree to a quick agreement, otherwise the work will be in vain; second , Ukraine is not so eager to reach an agreement, the president's approval rate is as high as 90%, and foreign aid continues; most importantly, Ukraine does not actually have much room for retreat.

From Ukraine's point of view, if there is no NATO, being bullied by Russia will become commonplace. Between Russia and Europe and the United States, he has to choose an ally. This point, when he was fooled by the United States and Europe to destroy more than 1,000 nuclear bombs It is doomed that a country without allies and no nuclear bomb can only be slaughtered by others. Secondly, Ukraine followed the US and Europe, and embraced countries with advanced technology and developed economies, but following Russia, the economy has no hope. Russia’s own economy has not yet been understood, and it has been sanctioned by the US and Europe. If Ukraine embraces Russia, it will inevitably Being sanctioned by the United States and Europe for excuses. So, Ukraine has no choice! In 2019, Ukrainian pro-American President Zelensky came to power. In addition to being operated, it also reflected the wishes of the Ukrainian people. After all, just five years ago, Russia split Ukraine's territory of Crimea. How can the Ukrainian people still be close to the enemy of Russia? Now, Donetsk and Luhansk in the Eastern Ukrainian region have been separated from Russia. If Ukraine and Russia are good, should these two pieces of land be wanted or not? As for the Crimea region, the reason why Russia resolutely wants the independence of Crimea is because the strategic location of this region is too important, not just as simple as a population of 2 million and a territory of 26,000 square kilometers, but also a strategic point in the Black Sea. From the perspective of the relationship between Russia and Ukraine alone, Russia has Crimea and can surround Ukraine on three sides. Ukraine has Crimea and can have an absolutely active strategic position in the Black Sea. Crimea is like a winner and loser in the game of Go, whoever owns it will have the upper hand. Moreover, Ukraine needs Crimea more, with and without it, it is a world of difference.

Therefore, with so many territorial disputes between Russia and Ukraine, it is impossible for them to coexist peacefully. From a feng shui point of view, the shape of Ukraine's landmass will also lean towards Europe and away from Russia:

The map of Ukraine is shaped like a running rhino, with the head of the ox heading west towards Europe, the tail of the ox heading east towards Russia, and the two islands below run like legs. And Russia won Crimea just to break the leg of the "rhinoceros" in Ukraine and prevent you from running to the west. From this point of view, Ukraine is crying and clamoring to join NATO, and it is also unbearable to be bullied by Russia. Interestingly, when Russia used force, Putin said that Ukraine has never been a country, which means that Russia really does not regard Ukraine as a complete sovereign state. In fact, this is really the case. Ukraine only appeared in 1187, was occupied by Mongolia in 1240, and was successively ruled by the Golden Horde, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and Poland. The Soviet Union, until after the disintegration of the Soviet Union in 1991, Ukraine ended its 337-year alliance with Russia and became a truly independent country. Speaking of it, Ukraine is actually a post-90s generation. It was only 31 years after the founding of the country. After the establishment of Ukraine, it has not experienced a war, has not been baptized by a bloody storm, and the independent national spirit is still immature. Therefore, now Ukrainian government departments only have so many Westerners as executives. Ukraine has a population of 42 million and a population of 600,000 square kilometers. In 2020, its GDP is only 155.5 billion US dollars, which is less than one trillion yuan. There are 24 cities in China with a GDP exceeding one trillion. It is conceivable that Ukraine's economic strength. Therefore, next to Russia, a strong neighbor, Ukraine has no way out except joining NATO and the European Union. If it does not border Russia, it may not be annexed. Now, surrounded by Russia on three sides, what other options does Ukraine have? This is the core issue of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Russia says that it has reached the bottom line. When it comes to life and death, Ukraine is actually fighting below the bottom line where its territory is lost and its development space is stifled. For Ukraine, it is only by weakening Russia itself that it will be a priority. Letting Russia withdraw this time is not a priority. Now, with the help of so many countries in the United States and Europe, Russia is trapped in the vast ocean of Ukraine's people's war. There are international sanctions. As long as it consumes Russia for two or three years, Russia will definitely not be able to support it. When Russia is weakened, the economy will not be able to support it. Russia is caught up in domestic disputes. Eliminate, and the development space can also break through. The most important thing is that Ukraine has been established for 31 years, and the national spirit of the country is still lacking. When it comes to the war or World War II, in the past thousand years, Ukraine has actually not had a successful independent Patriotic War, and there has been no national war (there is also conquered) , if this war can be won, the national spirit of Ukraine can be established, and the country's unity and cohesion will be stronger; on the contrary, once it is defeated by Russia, the national spirit will be wilted. The positive side for Ukraine is that they are rich in products and can be self-sufficient in water, electricity, food and drink. As long as the war does not destroy civilian facilities, the Ukrainian people can suffer a little less. Therefore, if Ukraine drags on, Russia will either make concessions on its own and withdraw voluntarily, or be weakened by consumption. Ukraine is a small country. It can’t fight head-to-head with Russia. It survives among the big countries. If you can make good use of the power of the big country game, you can actually make a space. Many people said: "Ukraine, a typical country that has been fooled into a pit by Western countries! The big pit is surrounded by a small pit, and the small pit is surrounded by an old pit. There is still water in the pit, there are nails in the water, and there are poisons on the nails. Self-inflicted , not to live." Is that really the case? If you live in Ukraine, in the shadow of Russia, how do you deal with the great power game?

