Most probably yes, despite Russian losses and generals killed, Russia is the second most powerful military in the world. They have so many more toys to use in their arsenal, even if Ukrainians somehow manage to fight back and keep their cities, Russians may use some weapon of mass destruction, and Ukrainian morale and organization will fall apart. It's not a question of will Russia win or lose, but how much will Ukraina suffer before capitulation. But there is no winner in this conflict, everyone loses in war, Russia and the EU lose their economy grown, and Ukraine almost everything else.

It isn’t looking very positive for Russia at the moment BUT even if they win the “battle” they will never win the “war”…

The Russian economy is collapsing, the Ukrainians will never stop fighting and killing them - so guerrilla warfare will continue for as long as there are Russians in Ukraine.

Russia appears to be trying to turn Ukraine into an ashtray.

What that will actually accomplish is beyond me!

Ruzzia “Can’t afford their bills,”?!!

Putin's putin' on an ill-advised gamble (not to mention The Ritz) which has gamboled Ruzzian resources into a slippery, steep-walled, and shit slimed debtor's ditch!

Ooo,lookit!! R2D2 &3CPOh!

Love dem darned daggit-driven drones.

Nearly as much so as the necessarily brutalZki Ukranians!

I’m afraid yes :-(. I really hope that none of the below will happen, I really hope that the people of Ukraine can win the fight for their future, but from reading the news I do not see how :-(.

Russia wanted a quick strike to size the government, but failed - now they are going back to how they have been fighting in Chechnya, in Georgia and Syria: with methodically encircling enemy strongpoints, and shelling or starving them into submission (look up before/after pictures of Grozny or Aleppo, or recent ones from Kharkiv, Sumy or Mariupol). We already see what this does to a city of 400 thousand people in Mariupol, you can read the news about how people are melting snow for drinking water.

Now imagine the same for Kiev, the encircling of which Russian forces are putting great efforts towards: once they occupy all main roads and railways connecting the city to the rest of the country, no food or medical supplies can come in, the wounded and the injured cannot be transported out. They are going to cut the water, the electricity, the heating and the network. When this happens, it is only a matter of time before the government has to sign Putin’s demands, lest they risk the starvation of thousands upon thousands of civilans (you cannot evacuate millions of people even in peacetime, let alone when the evacuation routes are routinely and deliberately shelled by artillery).

There are two separate components to this.

I think Russia can win the campaign to occupy Ukraine. Their military is larger and the Russian commanders seem to have no scruples about attacking civilians. The Russians can continue to pound Ukrainian cities into dust until the government and citizens of Ukraine say “enough”

Now, as for holding Ukraine.. that’s a different story. I think Russia will fail to hold Ukraine even if they take Kiev, either by siege or by storm. We’ve seen the Ukrainians fighting like lions and that won’t end. The ongoing occupation of Ukraine will sap the Russian economy and military much like Afghanistan did. In the end, Russia will not be able to afford to stay there and will have to leave, just like they did in Afghanistan. They’ll loot their way out and leave the country a moonscape, ensuring Ukrainian participation in NATO and the EU.

It is. Russia is going to win. It wants to win. But this won’t happen. Because this war is already lost for Russia.

Define “win”.

If Putin’s goal is to show his dominance over a country using his military, then he has lost. Badly. Real badly. The Ukrainians, with a smaller army, from a country less than a third Russia’s size, with a smaller defense budget have fought him to a stalemate. He has demonstrated the utter weakness of his country when faced with a competent military, even one much smaller than his.

The odds are still on Russia’s side but I believe they will be forced to resort to chemical weapons, and maybe even tactical nukes. Putin respects power and strength of will, not weakness or fear. He views rules of war as weakness, and the West’s desire to avoid escalation as fear. He is a bully and a bully cannot show weakness — if he does, then others may lose their fear of him.

The only way to stop him is to make the risk and pain to him greater if he continues than if he finds a way to back out while remaining in power. The only way to do this is to escalate the sanctions, equip the Ukrainians more completely, and isolate him by sanctioning countries that allow him to circumvent sanctions. While I agree that we shouldn’t put NATO forces into the fight, we should push the limits a little more than we are.

yes they would win the war, but barely. And by “win”, it means that they got slightly more from Ukraine but definitely not the full 6 items listed by Russian foreign minister Lavrov.

They will lose much more after winning the war too because sanctions will not stop. They would need to rely on China much more than they wanted before.

There are only 2 clear winners from the war, US and China.

An Air Force pilot who was a veteran of the Vietnam war once commented to me that ‘if the other guys are eating in your snack bar, then you lost’.

Sad as it makes me to say, I think Russia will simply pound most of the cities in Ukraine until they are nothing but bouncing rubble.

Then the Russian solders can eat in the ruins of a Ukrainian army snack bar.

Without direct intervention from the West (unlikely) Russia will spend whatever time, money, and lives it takes to destroy Ukraine’s military forces, or force Ukraine to surrender to save the lives of the civilians who have not been able to flee.

Lives mean nothing to Putin and the Russian Army leadership.

The Russians are stupid, but since they’ve already turned Russia into a pariah nation, they won’t see a reason to stop to save what face they can.

Joe's not doing anything to stop the mighty Russians and Hillary Clinton can't find her easy reset button that she lost with her emails and Obama is claiming that the 1990′s chimed in and it wants the Russian foreign policy back.

Bidens sanctions were too slow to do any good!

Giving them jets should have happened 3 weeks ago!

As for me I don't care about personal Insults I'll just delete you, I'm the guy with 1000s of likes per month and 400,000 views per month and 6 haters so be nice or get deleted.

Yes. Objectively it’s inevitable to think so.

In long-term view, Ukraine will succeed to separate from Russia but in short-term, military defeat will come. So, Ukraine has to think next plan.

I leave one aphorism.

In times of peace, one must fervently shout peace, including an order that strong nations respects weak nations, and think about how to do it. But when is right before the gun is fired, we have to throw ideals away and thoroughly think about reality.

Shouting ideals just before or after a gun is fired increases the number of innocent deaths. It's even more ugly, especially if the 3rd party agitate the weak’s endless resistance that.

During the Pacific War, the people of Tokyo's comfortable headquarters urged the Japanese army and people to continue the reckless war. Please think about whether you are doing that now or not.

Yes, Russia will win this war and the goals of liberating our homeland from American/NATO occupation will be achieved. Everything within the borders of the USSR of 1945–1991 is our land and we are coming to get it back.

Concerning Ukraine: the goals of demilitarization and denazification will be achieved. As our grandparents taught us: a good Nazi is a dead Nazi.

If Western powers, first of all United States, continue supplying ammunition and mercenaries to puppet neo-nazi regime of Zelensky, they become a participants of the conflict and therefore are at risk of getting nuked. Remind you, Russia has over 6000 nukes and delivery systems like Avangard against which no state has defense.

I think Biden administration made grave mistake by rejecting Putin’s proposals about indivisible security.

UPD. Recently we witnessed Kinzhal (means “dagger”) missile destroying underground arsenal of Ukraine. The arsenal was heavily fortified so the usual missiles would not work. This Kinzhal missile can travel up 10 times speed of sound (3 km/sec) and perform evasive maneuvers while it travels. And it can carry two types of warheads:

The unusal;
Nuclear warhead.
Western countries and NATO should really consider it as a warning as we have very fast nukes which nobody is capable of intercepting.

3: Economy

The Russian GDP is 1.4 trillion which is 10 times larger than Ukraine's GDP of 155 billion. Economically Russia is significantly more advanced and thus can fund a war effort longer than Ukraine can.

4: Geography

In war you want to minimize the amount of border your need to protect. If you leave part of your border unguarded, your enemy can move into your territory without resistance and flank around your other forces.

If you have a big border to defend you have to stretch your forces out to do so. It makes it hard to leave large numbers of men in reserve for possible counter-attacks.

Ukraine is surrounded. Russia is invading from the North, East, and South meaning Ukraine has to defend practically its entire border.

Additionally, Ukraine is not easy to defend. It’s mostly flat with 1 major body of water in the center of the country. Since Russia is invading from the North there are no natural barriers the Ukrainians can fortify to defend- at least nothing significant.


5: Diplomacy

Russia has invaded the world response has been….. nothing.

It appears the US and NATO have no appetite for war and neither does anyone else in the region. So far there have been sanctions but that’s it. Sanctions are not going to be effective.

Putin knows that Europe relies on Russian energy resources, especially right now. He knows the sanctions will not last just like the many sanctions of the past.

Nobody is coming to help Ukraine and so they are on their own against the 2nd strongest army on earth.

So it seems rather grim for Ukraine huh? Well not so much.

As of now, Ukraine is putting up a decent fight. They have numerical superiority through their air defenses are being whittled away by Russian airstrikes and Russia will soon have total air dominance.

That said have you ever heard of Chechnya? It’s not very big. In fact, it’s about the size of a US State. Russia fought for decades against Chechnyran separatists and Jihadists and it was brutal. The Russians were notoriously cruel as were the Chechnyans.

At one point Russia literally invaded the region with the full weight of their military and even that failed. While most of Chechnya was eventually pacified after decades of brutal warfare, there remains an insurgency there to this day.

Chechnya is far smaller than Ukraine- both in terms of raw size and population.

We can also look to the invasion of Afghanistan as an example of what could come, but I think it’s a poor example given the cold war context.

Regardless, even if Russia conquers Ukraine and establishes a puppet government the war still isn’t over. Lots of Ukrainians (and Russians) will oppose this puppet government and occupation.

Similar to Chechnya, anti-Russian rebels and insurgents could violently and effectively resist Russian occupation for years or decades to come. With a bit of covert US support, Russia may eventually be unable to afford this occupation and be forced to pull back.

It’s going to cost Russia a lot of manpower, money, time, and political capital to make this work. The world will not just accept this openly and neither will Ukraine. Putin is going to have to work overtime to lift the sanctions, maintain his economy, and keep control of a very large and rebellious puppet nation.

I could very easily see this war and occupation becoming too much for Russia to bear- resulting in a Ukrainian victory and perhaps ending any chances for Russian domination in the region.

If Ukraine can win this war or eventually push out the Russians it would be a serious blow to Putin and the Russian military. NATO knows this and will try to covertly make it happen but Putin knows this too and will fight tooth and nail to maintain his hold over Ukraine.

Either way this conflict will be interesting and very sad to watch.

100% of total war. The only uncertainty is that Russia, at least today's Russian authorities, does not seem capable of fighting an all-out war. The current internal and external environment is very severe for the Russian authorities, far surpassing that of the United States in the late 1960s. The latter still has a NATO allies with bound interests to follow. Now Russia has successfully pushed potential allies, including Iran, to neutrality. Even in opposing positions (UN vote, Iran abstained). Coupled with the near cliff-like decline of the economy and more and more opposition, it can be said that if it becomes a quagmire like the Vietnam War (no need for New Year's Eve, the political rhythm of today's era is much faster than then), then Russia will be hit hard. America during the Vietnam War. The question is about winning, so now, if Russia really fights without reservation, the winning is 100%. However, we know that the cause of Russia's war was the eastward expansion of NATO, with a focus on NATO. Now a medium-sized country that has not yet entered into a contract can turn into a quagmire to contain a large number of Russian troops and cause 2000+ casualties (Russian data) and can still organize a very effective defense (Iraq in 1991 only took 2 days of the main line of defense. collapsed), then what would happen if the British, French, and Germans whose equipment quality was far better than Ukraine’s were played? When the bigwigs behind Xiwu are still watching the military, will the Russian authorities really, or really dare to use all their strength for a "local war"? In addition, Russia is already transferring troops from a station in the Far East such as Khabarovsk, which only shows that the seriousness of the current situation has far exceeded the expectations of the Russian authorities on the eve of the war. Today's Ukraine is very likely to develop into Vietnam, which has always been superior militarily, but politically it is another story.



